---
layout: post
title: Meeting 9
location: Discord
categories: [minutes]
date: 2020-03-16 14:00:00 +0000
Apologies: None
---

```
Meeting 9 Minutes: 16th March 2020 Discord
Apologies: None
```

# Aims for this meeting:

 - General Progress Update

# Map update:

 - The map is now working correctly in every way except the fact that for some unknown reason the tiles generate one to the left of where we have defined. It isnâ€™t known why this is happening but it is being corrected by just adding one to the first coordinate in the title factory code.
 - The intention is to replace the titles such as stars, planets, asteroids etc to be the 3D models instead
 - An image of the map will be attached to the minutes

# Any other updates:

 - Sam is looking into implementing the movement algorithm
 - Kresda is adding the question pop-ups
 - Abbie and Ben are revisiting the tech tree
 - Safiya has completed the fuel section of the tech tree write up

# Attachments

<figure>
<img src="{% link assets/images/Pictures/Meeting 9-hexmap.png %}" alt="" /><figcaption>Hex board initial state</figcaption>
</figure>
