---
layout: post
title: Meeting 2
location: Room 513 GO Jones
categories: [minutes]
Apologies: None
---
```l
Meeting 2:  9am-11am Monday 3rd February 2020 Room 513 GO Jones
            10am-11am Phone meeting with Jon McNamara
Apologies:  None
```


<span class="underline">Planning before phone meeting:</span>

<span class="underline">Tech Tree:</span> All agree that it is best to
focus on a single tech tree. Civ has way too many tech trees to keep
track of and therefore wouldn’t make much sense in the format of our
educational game.

<span class="underline">Enemies:</span> Space pirates of some
description that aren’t a full civilisation but instead are just units
that harass you randomly throughout. Possible “boss” randomly spawn
around turn 20-25?

<span class="underline">Branches of physics to include:</span> Obviously
Astrophysics is a core concept with this being set in space. Can also
include theoretical physics as a means to progress through to higher
civilisation types ( types 2 and 3 = late game).

<span class="underline">Pathing:</span> How much freedom of movement are
we giving the player? To be decided when we have a working map to test
for pacing.

<span class="underline">Unit types:</span> Base unit (large ship),
science unit, scouting units, military units. Need to make sure that
they can be connected to the tech tree.

<span class="underline">Questions to ask during meeting with Jon:</span>

  - > Board game type thing?

  - > Hex-tile strategy = 4x?

  - > Thoughts on our current ideas?

  - > Age range

  - > Orbits?

<span class="underline">Phone Meeting:</span>

<span class="underline">Information provided by Jon:</span>

  - > The Reason behind creating a physics game is that it is a very
    > engaging method of delivering educational material.

  - > Envisioning a game similar to Tribal wars

  - > Consider how movement happens in space (e.g. stopping)

  - > Consider Time Dilation

  - > Multiplayer ( This would be nearly impossible within the current
    > time frame). Unlock achievements and a leaderboard to create a
    > competitive ethos. Rewards for continued playing e.g. days in a
    > row. Could make it timed against yourself to work around the lack
    > of multiplayer capacity

  - > Unlock easter egg prizes

  - > Encounters may be important for game advancement

  - > Can have the use of the IBM cloud, including the data science
    > tools. Watson AI if possible. Can then play as yourself using the
    > output personality matrix from a twitter profile. This will then
    > correspond to certain boosts based on a couple of specific
    > personality traits.

  - > Should create a weekly blog to keep both Jon and us up to date

<span class="underline">Our responses:</span>

<span class="underline">Multiplayer:</span> We think that multiplayer
capabilities would be a stretch goal if it was even possible for us
given our lack of development experience and time.

<span class="underline">Age Group:</span> The best age group to aim this
at is high school as it will motivate them to research at a higher level

<span class="underline">Tech Tree:</span> Consider type 1,2 and 3
civilisation. Incorporate into the tech tree. One tree per civ type.
Type 3 = end game. Can include quality of life can mean enemies are able
to convert. A happiness statistic can be a win condition

<span class="underline">AI:</span> Can use the personality matrix to
either input your own twitter profile or pick from a set of real people
to play as that each have a specific personality trait e.g. confidence,
aggression, curiosity etc… Perks based on player’s personality.
