---
layout: post
title: Meeting 8
location: GO Jones Room 410
categories: [minutes]
date: 2020-03-09 14:00:00 +0000
Apologies: None
---

```
Meeting 8 Minutes: 9th March 2020 GO Jones Room 410
Apologies: None
```

# Aims for this meeting:

 - Discuss map and its layout
 - How long do we have left and how much can we get done?

# Map: 

 - We have to have a static map to be able to have a proof of concept at the end and be able to attach the relevant information to each object
 - Will be focussing on a small portion of the map and associating it with around half of the type 1 civilisation tech tree
 - Created a sketch to help visualise and plan the density of objects on the map which will be attached to the minutes

# How long left?:

 - Hand in date is the 9th of April and so compromises are going to have to be made in order to have something playable at the end.
 - Any additional features that we are unable to include can be relayed in the further work section of the report

<div class="row">
 <figure class="6u 12u$(small)">
   <img src="{{ "/assets/images/pictures/meeting_8-board-crop.png" | absolute_url }}" alt="" /><figcaption>Meeting 8 board</figcaption>
 </figure>
 <figure class="6u 12u$(small)">
   <img src="{{  "/assets/images/pictures/meeting_8-board.png" | absolute_url  }}" alt="" /><figcaption>Meeting 8 board</figcaption>
 </figure>
</div>
